True Beauty, Hidden in Death
Stage 1 || Night Cherry Blossoms in the Netherworld

What are these patterns? Much denser than usual, as if enhanced by somebody's power.
They only shine for a few seconds before causing yet another death.


Reimu's scenario:

Reimu: What's happened to this place? It has never been so aggressive before.
Yuyuko: Oh, a Shrine Maiden?
Yuyuko: Just in time. We're currently struggling with a small problem.
Reimu: Your "problem" almost killed me! Calling it small is straight-up lying.
Reimu: Can't you control your ghosts properly? I thought they were under your command.
Yuyuko: Ah... You see, those are not my ghosts, at least the ones that started the chaos.
Reimu: Wait, does that mean that power has affected you as well? 
Yuyuko: Well, I can't say it hasn't. I somewhat started losing control over my ghosts because of it.
Yuyuko: But let's see how much stronger this power made me!!

Yuyuko: Indeed... This power is uncontrollably enhancing the power of danmaku.
Reimu: What was that?! Those patterns could kill someone!!
Yuyuko: It seems like someone is spreading this power to every living being.
Yuyuko: Those spirits... I've seen them before for sure, but never this powerful.
Reimu: Are you suggesting that the graveyard could be behind this?
Yuyuko: I doubt it, but you can always check it. Though...
Yuyuko: If I were you, I would be very careful this time. That danmaku was lethal.
Reimu: Understood.


Marisa's scenario:

Marisa: Huh, The netherworld sure did step up their game since last time.
Yuyuko: Oh, a Magician?
Yuyuko: Excellent timing, I'm sort of dealing with a small issue.
Marisa: Issue, huh? Perhaps you'd want to focus on your ghosts instead...
Marisa: With that death rate, you'll overpopulate the Netherworld before the day is out!
Yuyuko: That IS my issue. But I need to check something first.
Yuyuko: Let's see if this power truly kills anything in my sight!!

Marisa: What's gotten into you?! Those patterns... They could've killed me!!
Yuyuko: See, this is the issue I'm dealing with. Someone has spread the curse of danmaku enhancement.
Yuyuko: These divine spirits were the cause of the spread, I'm sure of that.
Marisa: Are you saying people can to kill each other with danmaku now?
Yuyuko: Indeed. I suspect the graveyard behind the temple has sent them here.
Yuyuko: Now if you'll excuse me, I have to greet new victims of the curse... Take care.
Marisa: Hmm...


Sanae's scenario:

Sanae: These spirits seem to gather around here... Does this mean anything?
Yuyuko: Oh, a Shrine Maiden?
Yuyuko: Just in time. We're currently struggling with a small problem.
Sanae: Wait, so causing death was not your intention?
Yuyuko: Why would it be? It's not like we have infinite space in the Netherworld.
Sanae: Well, these divine spirits have brought me here. Their power...
Sanae: Their attacks wiped out half the Human Village!
Yuyuko: ...And a fifth of the Netherworld, too.
Yuyuko: I'm sad to inform you I'm not responsible for the deaths caused by these spirits.
Sanae: Huh...?
Yuyuko: Though I will take full responsibility for yours!!

Yuyuko: Just as I thought... I can't even control my danmaku because of it.
Sanae: What was that power? Not even Lady Kanako attacked that fiercely...
Yuyuko: That's because somebody has spread a curse with these spirits.
Sanae: A curse? A curse to disobey the Spell Card rules and let everyone kill each other?
Yuyuko: Yes, I'm afraid so...
Yuyuko: I don't know what's going on, either...
Yuyuko: But it can't be left without investigation. That graveyard seems to be their new target. 
Sanae: ...Eh?


Youmu's scenario:

Youmu: Hm...
Youmu: It would seem these spirits from the village are heading to that cemetery.
Yuyuko: Ah, Youmu?
Yuyuko: Good thing you're here... I have a request.
Youmu: A request?
Yuyuko: Indeed. As you've noticed, we've got a lot of new ghosts in the Netherworld.
Youmu: Are you saying these spirits are the cause of it?
Yuyuko: What spirits...?
Yuyuko: Anyway, could you stay still for a few minutes? I have to check something...
Youmu: L-Lady Yuyuko...?!

Yuyuko: Alright, I think I know everything now.
Youmu: W-What happened to your danmaku?
Yuyuko: Ah, this is where my request comes in...
Youmu: Lady Yuyuko, did you just use lethal danmaku on me?!
Yuyuko: Indeed I have... But since you're planning to go after these spirits...
Yuyuko: Just know that they are not going to spare your life, either...
Youmu: Huh?!
Youmu: A-Anyway, I'll be off.
Yuyuko: Please stay safe, Youmu...